UQUINIX PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE
Version 1.0 - November 9, 2022

All code in this project is licensed under the following terms unless
otherwise specified.

Copyright 2022, Uquinix Inc.

Please read this License carefully before downloading this software.
By downloading or using this software, you are agreeing to be bound by
the terms of this License. If you do not or cannot agree to the terms
of this License, please do not download or use the software.

1. General; Definitions. This License applies to any program or other
work which Uquinix Inc. ("Uquinix") makes publicly available.
As used in this License:

1.1 "Contributor" means any person or entity that creates or
contributes to the creation of Modifications.

1.2 "Externally Deploy" means: (a) to sublicense, distribute or
otherwise make Uquinix code available, directly or indirectly, to
anyone other than You; and/or (b) to use Uquinix Code, alone or as
part of a Larger Work, in any way to provide a service, including but
not limited to delivery of content, through electronic communication
with a client other than You.

1.3 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Uquinix Code or portions
thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.

1.4 "Modifications" mean any addition to, deletion from, and/or change
to, the substance and/or structure of the Original Code, any previous
Modifications, the combination of Original Code and any previous
Modifications, and/or any respective portions thereof. When code is
released as a series of files, a Modification is: (a) any addition to
or deletion from the contents of a file containing Uquinix Code;
and/or (b) any new file or other representation of computer program
statements that contains any part of Uquinix Code.

1.5 "Source Code" means the human readable form of a program or other
work that is suitable for making modifications to it, including all
modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files,
scripts used to control compilation and installation of an executable
(object code).

1.6 "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising
rights under this License. For legal entities, "You" or "Your"
includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, You, where "control" means (a) the power, direct
or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,
whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of
such entity.

1.7. Permitted Uses; Conditions & Restrictions. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this License, Uquinix hereby grants You, effective on
the date You accept this License and download the Original Code, a
world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, to the extent of
Uquinix's Applicable Patent Rights and copyrights covering the Original
Code, to do the following:

1.8 Unmodified Code. You may use, reproduce, display, perform,
internally distribute within Your organization, and Externally Deploy
verbatim, unmodified copies of the Original Code, for commercial or
non-commercial purposes, provided that in each instance:

(a) You must retain and reproduce in all copies of Original Code the
copyright and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of Uquinix as
they appear in the Original Code, and keep intact all notices in the
Original Code that refer to this License; and

(b) You must include a copy of this License with every copy of Source
Code of Uquinix Code and documentation You distribute or Externally
Deploy, and You may not offer or impose any terms on such Source Code
that alter or restrict this License or the recipients' rights
hereunder, except as permitted under Section 6.

1.9 Modified Code. You may modify Uquinix Code and use, reproduce,
display, perform, internally distribute within Your organization, and
Externally Deploy Your Modifications and Uquinix Code, for commercial
or non-commercial purposes, provided that in each instance You also
meet all of these conditions:

(a) You must satisfy all the conditions of Section 1.8 with respect to
the Source Code of Uquinix Code;

(b) You must duplicate, to the extent it does not already exist, the
notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code of all Your
Modifications, and cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
stating that You changed the files and the date of any change; and

(c) If You Externally Deploy Your Modifications, You must make
Source Code of all Your Externally Deployed Modifications either
available to those to whom You have Externally Deployed Your
Modifications, or publicly available. Source Code of Your Externally
Deployed Modifications must be released under the terms set forth in
this License, including the license grants set forth in Section 3
below, for as long as you Externally Deploy the Uquinix Code or twelve
(12) months from the date of initial External Deployment, whichever is
longer. You should preferably distribute the Source Code of Your
Externally Deployed Modifications electronically (e.g. download from a
web site).

2. Distribution of Executable Versions. In addition, if You
Externally Deploy Uquinix Code (Original Code and/or Modifications) in
object code, executable form only, You must include a prominent
notice, in the code itself as well as in related documentation,
stating that Source Code of the Uquinix Code is available under the
terms of this License with information on how and where to obtain such
Source Code.

2.1 Third Party Rights. You expressly acknowledge and agree that
although Uquinix and each Contributor grants the licenses to their
respective portions of the Uquinix Code set forth herein, no
assurances are provided by Uquinix or any Contributor that the Uquinix
Code does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property
rights of any other entity. Uquinix and each Contributor disclaim any
liability to You for claims brought by any other entity based on
infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a
condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, You
hereby assume sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual
property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent
license is required to allow You to distribute the Uquinix Code, it is
Your responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the
Uquinix Code.

2.2 Larger Works. You may create a Larger Work by combining Uquinix
Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and
distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In each such instance,
You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for
the Uquinix Code or any portion thereof.

3. Additional Terms. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for,
warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations and/or other
rights consistent with the scope of the license granted herein
("Additional Terms") to one or more recipients of Uquinix Code.
However, You may do so only on Your own behalf and as Your sole
responsibility, and not on behalf of Uquinix or any Contributor. You
must obtain the recipient's agreement that any such Additional Terms
are offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify, defend
and hold Uquinix and every Contributor harmless for any liability
incurred by or claims asserted against Uquinix or such Contributor by
reason of any such Additional Terms.

4. Versions of the License. Uquinix may publish revised and/or new
versions of this License from time to time. Each version will be given
a distinguishing version number. Once Original Code has been published
under a particular version of this License, You may continue to use it
under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use such
Original Code under the terms of any subsequent version of this
License published by Uquinix. No one other than Uquinix has the right to
modify the terms applicable to Uquinix Code created under this
License.

5. NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The Uquinix Code may contain in whole or in
part pre-release, untested, or not fully tested works. Uquinix
Code may contain errors that could cause failures or loss of data, and
may be incomplete or contain inaccuracies. You expressly acknowledge
and agree that use of Uquinix Code, or any portion thereof, is at
Your sole and entire risk. UQUINIX CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND UQUINIX AND
UQUINIX'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "UQUINIX" FOR THE
PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 5 AND 6) AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. UQUINIX AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST
INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF UQUINIX CODE, THAT THE
FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN UQUINIX CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
THAT THE OPERATION OF UQUINIX CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN UQUINIX CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO
ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY UQUINIX, AN UQUINIX
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.
You acknowledge that Uquinix Code is not intended for use in the
operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation, communication
systems, or air traffic control machines in which case the failure of
Uquinix Code could lead to death, personal injury, or severe
physical or environmental damage.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO
EVENT SHALL UQUINIX OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE UQUINIX CODE, OR
ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
UQUINIX OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY
REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY
TO YOU. In no event shall Uquinix's total liability to You for all
damages (other than as may be required by applicable law) under this
License exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).

7. Trademarks. This License does not grant any rights to use the
trademarks or trade names "Uquinix", "Uquinix Inc.", "UQC", "UQC Kernel",
"Enso" or any other trademarks,
service marks, logos or trade names belonging to Uquinix (collectively
"Uquinix Marks") or to any trademark, service mark, logo or trade name
belonging to any Contributor.

8. Termination.

8.1 Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will
terminate:

(a) automatically with notice from Uquinix if You fail to comply with
any term(s) of this License and fail to cure such breach within 30
days of becoming aware of such breach;

(b) automatically without notice from Uquinix if You, at any time during
the term of this License, commence an action for patent infringement
against Uquinix; provided that Uquinix did not first commence
an action for patent infringement against You in that instance.

The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are
distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND UQUINIX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
